I am working on a Python application (in app.py with modules like modules/trajectories.py) for designing Composite Overwrapped Pressure Vessels (COPVs). The goal is to generate smooth, C¹ continuous, multi-pass geodesic filament winding trajectories.

Previous development has established:

Generation of basic COPV 2D profiles (isotensoid, elliptical, etc.).
Adaptive point sampling for trajectories.
Calculation of an effective polar opening radius (c 
eff
​
 ) based on roving geometry.
Validation of a user-defined target cylinder winding angle, which determines the Clairaut's constant (c_for_winding) for the helical paths.
A multi-pass trajectory generation logic that triggers a 3-part "smooth turnaround sequence" when the path radius (ρ) approaches c_for_winding. This sequence consists of:
An "incoming transition zone" where winding angle α smoothly goes to 90 
∘
 .
A "circumferential turnaround arc" at ρ=c 
for_winding
​
  and α=90 
∘
 , which incorporates a Δϕ for pattern advancement (currently set to 45° with 24 points).
An "outgoing transition zone" where α smoothly goes from 90 
∘
  back to the helical angle, with correctly reversed dz/ds and dρ/ds for travel away from the pole.
The Critical Persistent Problem:

Despite these components being called (as verified by extensive debug logs from a previous session), the 3D visualization of the trajectory shows significant axial (Z-coordinate) "jumps" when entering and exiting the "circumferential turnaround arc." This makes the path visually discontinuous and incorrect.

The logs show (example from previous session):

LAST INCOMING TRANSITION: ... z = -0.222538 m
FIRST CIRCUMFERENTIAL POINT: ... z = -0.177463 m (This Z should match the previous point)
LAST CIRCUMFERENTIAL POINT: ... z = -0.177463 m
FIRST OUTGOING TRANSITION: ... z = -0.222538 m (This Z should match the previous point)
Your Primary Task:

Please modify the trajectory generation logic in modules/trajectories.py to eliminate this Z-coordinate discontinuity.

Specifically, when the _generate_polar_turnaround_segment (or equivalent function creating the circumferential arc) is called:

It must use the Z-coordinate of the last point of the just-completed "incoming transition zone" as the constant Z-level for all points it generates for the circumferential arc. This Z-value represents the actual height on the vessel profile where ρ=c 
for_winding
​
 .
Ensure the "outgoing transition zone" then starts at this same correct Z-coordinate (which should now be continuous with the end of the circumferential arc).
I will provide specific mathematical formulations or detailed algorithmic steps from Koussios's "Filament Winding: a Unified Approach" or Peters's "Composite Filament Winding" if needed for other aspects, but this Z-continuity fix is the immediate priority. The functions for the transitions and the arc itself are likely in place but need to be connected at the correct Z-level.

Please also ensure that detailed debug logs for the Z-coordinates at the interfaces between these three segments (incoming transition, circumferential arc, outgoing transition) are present so we can verify the fix. The goal is a trajectory that is perfectly continuous in all three spatial coordinates (ρ,z,ϕ) through the polar turnaround.